I can't even eat this,
I'm afraid this prince will definitely have enough for me!
A Fei, now the prince is under serious rumors,
If the foreign secret service is not enough, why should the princess find out the website?
Why should I save a Japanese who pushed me away at a critical moment?
I know the princess is angry,
But when the prince rescued his subordinates,
The subordinates cannot really watch the prince die like this.
Or is it that the princess is the prince, you just say what you say, why are you living through everything?
Please also ask the princess to save the prince
Just be careful if you can't
I'm doing it for your sake
I'll go look at him
The prince's photo was seriously damaged.
I need an operation immediately, Dr. Wang
I want you to be my assistant Xu Ming
Go and help me find some supplies for surgery. Also
I want Zhao Jifuzhou
All healthy slaves
I want to be rigorous
There's no surgery
This doesn't force Heye either.
eh eh eh
what are you going to do
I have surgery
did you say
Otherwise, why would it be too complicated to undergo surgery?